# Spring 5 web application

### This is an example of Spring application with some Spring features
<br>

The main folder ***com.springframework.spring5webapp*** consists of:
* ***model***  folder contains basic JPA entities like Author or Book which has Long ids automatically generated by DB 
and some oneToMany/manyToOne/manyToMany relationships between entities.
* ***repositories*** folder contains interfaces extending ***CrudRepository***. These interfaces inherit several methods 
for working with entities described in ***model*** folder, including saving, deleting and finding.
* ***bootstrap*** folder contains a ***BootStrapData*** class implementing ***CommandLineRunner*** interface and overriding
* ***run*** method which is executed after the application context has been loaded. As for now, I've added some initial<br>
* objects creation in this method. 
* ***controllers*** folder contains MVC controllers with methods of finding all entities like books or authors. Each
method is mapped to the specific path, some of them interacts and add attributes to Spring UI Models, which are used by
Thymeleaf for displaying.
* ***Spring5webappApplication*** is the main Spring entry point, which is labelled with ***@SpringBootApplication***
annotation.

Let's assess also ***resources*** folder:
* ***application.properties*** contains currently only the property for enabling h2 DB.
* ***templates*** folder contains folders with *.html files which data is taken from Thymeleaf context variables, coming 
from MVC model attributes.

